listen so we're gonna be releasing
several videos on her Sundance coverage
all leading up to the must watch which
includes everything we saw there but we
figured why not start with the most
expensive sale out of Sundance breaking
the record with a whopping 69 sets
let me explain so Palm Springs is
produced by The Lonely Island who were
able to score the record-breaking deal
and I believe the last one to hold the
record was Birth of a Nation and
something tells me this will have less
pushback at the box office it stars Andy
Samberg and Cristin Milioti who find
themselves reliving a wedding in Palm
Springs which is the same place a
director got married at and it's a
pretty cool time loop movie granted when
you're at a festival a lot of the movies
don't have trailers or stills hell they
don't even have posters sometimes so it
was a cool surprise going in not knowing
anything about it
obviously the press notes and the
eventual trailer aren't gonna highlight
the time looping but that's what we want
to try to hook up some more tickets for
next year we were able to do that this
year but you know it's just cool to be
able to be a part of the festival and
being able to experience these movies
without knowing anything no marketing
you know Ron tomato scores zilch and I
want you guys to have that opportunity
as well in terms of this one though the
test of a good movie is if it can stay
in multiple viewings especially in the
case of a movie that involves multiple
viewings I think these two do a
fantastic job in the film JK Simmons and
a comedic role is always great because
he's still scary but the cast really is
what makes it when to watch with an
audience one of the notes I was given on
set was to bring less Joe Pesci energy
and it was I thought you said do I think
it was worth the highest record at
Sundance probably not but it definitely
feels more like a premiere in my eyes
considering the teams behind it so I
definitely think it's gonna do well when
it gets released publicly it'll probably
break my top five comedies but certain
elements as we learned in the Q&A are
just there cuz the filmmakers like the
90s blockbuster that's fine but maybe
those jokes will work better for other
people that are not me it does have the
good old Groundhog Day theming of living
life to the fullest while at the same
time you know naming Niall Niall cuz
he's a nihilist but I think people are
gonna love this one even if you're not
into the Lonely Island sense of humor
it's a genre that's been getting
Superbowl commercials that are
technically sequels so it's nice to know
that such a repetitive concept is worth
repeating if you find a good setting a
premise and most importantly actors you
don't mind
over and over so anything that can help
something you put a lot of time and
energy and love into get seen by people
who like seeing things I feel like it's
a great place for it we're hoping
pornhub picks it up yeah we should say
pornhub is interested they took me for a
burger on Fairfax and showed me a PDF
about their plan to get someone to buy
them a boat that we could ride around in
for all summer
I'm Nebo so this is a series of shorts
about a 47 foot speed boat named layin
pipe that gets chronicled throughout
Miami and as you heard it's based off of
a PDF file it's pretty much an anthology
of this boat with every short having the
same production team and the director
being swapped out for each one and they
practically had free rein to do whatever
they wanted and so we go from like Miami
real estate during an impending flood to
a boat daddy V are the Green Rangers in
it fin wolfhard for those who like
strange things Robert Redford came out
of retirement for the 14th time to voice
a dolphin as his grandson directs the
segments that Daniels direct a segment
who did I love the Daniel's they were
the reason why I check this movie out
producer Phil Lord worked on it it's a
lot of many things and I don't want
about it too when Jean rrah but I think
depending on how its comedy hits you is
going to be the deciding factor at the
QA they really honed in on how the
movies mosaic quality how it jumps all
over the place really represents Miami
and all its parts with how energetically
it jumps around they even brought up how
Miami is rumored to be flooded by the
2050s so they had this sense of urgency
but it's also Miami so they're chillin
how the boat itself like I don't know if
it has its own IMDB but the boat was
born in Miami like in real life before
moving to the Ozarks cuz in case you
didn't know the saltwater in the South
decays these boats so a lot of them have
to be transferred over to like I don't
know Jason Bateman's place where he's
probably stashing the product so what
the filmmakers had to do was finally in
pipe of Missouri tote back to Miami and
technically return it to its rightful
home before trying to sell it at
Sundance
yeah and I really like the first half of
the movie but I don't know what happened
in the latter half I'd argue the boat
daddy segments while funny and heartfelt
is where it starts to sink a little bit
but once the rick ross sketch starts for
sure i mean what an ending to that one
but that's when i docked they spent a
year and a half figuring out how they
were gonna piece all of these artist
shorts together so i'm sure one of these
days people will like get together and
rearrange the segments and create
different Fantasia's like they already
do for a bunch of other movies plus
they're supposedly like nine hours out
there is a nine-hour cut so there's
plenty of footage to play with but the
best part about anthologies is that you
can prefer ones over others it's almost
like watching a shorts Film Festival
with a reoccurring theme or sparked
you're still paying for the whole thing
and it two hours it's kind of hard only
recommending half of it thank you guys
for checking out this video I'm Kirsten
on your thoughts down below in the
comment section again Palm Springs had
the biggest record so I think that one's
gonna do pretty well I don't it's always
interesting to think like as culture you
know shifts everyone says Groundhog Day
when it comes like that genre and
anytime movie was maybe would always
refer to Groundhog Day and we would
sometimes bash it that was like a Jonin
of itself there's a bunch of movies to
do the Groundhog Day thing I don't think
you know in the future kids are gonna be
calling it the palm springs I think it's
all gonna be Groundhog Day but I think
Palm Springs is going to be that
Groundhog Day movie for this new
generation who may have not gone back
and seen Groundhog Day or missed a
commercial at the Superbowl in terms of
Omni bow again I was in there for the
Daniels I really like the Daniels they
director one of the segments it's just
it's all over the place that I'm curious
to see what people like about it I even
gave a ticket away for that one and they
didn't know what to make of the second
half but it is interesting to hear how
they made the movie use a little bit
right here to sort of a model of this
and find our called an exquisite corpse
and when you sort of start something and
then ask someone else come on go finish
the rest so I find that kind of cool
that they like all edited together and
it was like an assembly assembly the
assembly cut again the final product
didn't end up working for me but I'm so
curious to see them try this concept
with other things and saying how it
works and in worst case I do think that
it succeeded with the Miami love letter
that they were trying to go for but
other than that like I said we're gonna
be doing a couple more of these
individual ones leading up to the big
must-watch we also have the intercut one
that we did that covers pretty much all
the categories at sundance so we have a
lot of sundance coverage that's coming
out especially with a lot of these
movies not coming out so a lot later and
then South by coming up so other than
that let me know your thoughts about
these movies whether you're excited for
them put them on your radar don't forget
to comment like and subscribe I won't
let you